Sir, please show me your invitation.
Invite me to hear something called
Haha, what a shameless fool.
I don't even know the invitation.
Guests are like clouds tonight.
The more the White House emperor in his heart
Fortunately, the young man's eyes had discovered this scourge.
Otherwise, he would have gone mad to hurt the White Prince.
What do you deserve?
If there is no invitation
I can only invite you out.
Who says I don't have an invitation?
Guests today.
Who is not a famous family?
Ants at the bottom of society like you just deserve to stand
Based on what based on what based on the order of sitting today divided into three six nine categories.
People worth 1 billion are second, people worth billions are third.
And the person worth tens of millions will be in last place.
The young master who can let you in is already very compassionate.
And you're not grateful.
You're a small manufacturer with no name, no last name.
There will be no Qian Kun property, right?
Young master, what kind of figure can stand in the front?
At the head of course are the four big families that I Dong Hai.
Of course.
There is also the internationally famous Tran Tinh Ngoc.
Director Tran Dai
Wasn't this the Kowloon Van Vinh throne and my golden silk dragon robe when I was alive?
Thousands of years don't care about honesty.
I can't believe I have a chance to see you again.
That's the dragon chair that Liang did not prepare for White Prince.
What does he want?
Smiling, what are you crazy about?
The throne will give you the rubbish you dare to show
Laugh, get out.
The Nine Dragons shared the throne is a rare treasure that I gave to Prince White.
If you look at the cave.
It must be a dead end.
I know.
Get out of here.